So now that we've
spent some time going
through the object-oriented
and functional implementations
of our SearchStreamGang,
example the search
with sequential stream example,
let's take a little side detour
and talk about some
of the helper methods
that we use to get
input from files.
And this will give us
some other examples
of doing cool
things with streams.
If you take a look at the main
program, as we'll see here,
there's a couple of places where
we go ahead and get ourselves
the input of
Shakespeare's works,
as well as the phrases
that we want to find.
And these are going to use a
bunch of cool Java aggregate
operations in the context
of sequential streams.
So let's take a look at some
of these helper methods.
So if you take a look at
the main driver program,
you'll see that it gets the
input and the list of phrases
from two text files.
And just to make
life easier for me,
and to show off some
cool features here,
each of the works in the
input file containing
the works of Shakespeare are
separated by the @ character.
So if you look carefully here,
you can see we have some--
The Tragedy of
Hamlet, and then we
have all the text for
The Tragedy of Hamlet.
Then we have The Tragedy
of Julius Caesar,
following the @ sign, a
bunch of text for that.
We have the next @ sign,
The Tragedy of Macbeth,
and so on, and so forth.
So we're going to use the @
sign as essentially a separator
between the different
works of Shakespeare.
And to turn these things into
our proper data structure
that we need--
which is basically a list
of character sequences--
we end up calling this
TestDataFactory.getSharedInput
method, passing in the file that
contains this text and a string
containing the @ sign.
That's going to be
used as a separator.
Likewise, we have a file where
we have a bunch of phrases.
And the phrases are
going to be obtained
by getPhraseList method, defined
on our test data factory.
That takes, in a different
file, the phrase list file.
And each phrase is going to
appear on a separate line.
So you can see, my
kingdom for a horse,
all that glisters is not gold,
which is actually the way
that Shakespeare said that.
People often misquote that is
all that glitters is not gold,
but it's actually all
that glisters is not gold.
In fact, when I first was
having these slides reviewed,
someone said, I think
you misspelled glittered.
But it's glisters.
At any rate, enough of
the Shakespeare trivia.
What we do here is we
read in those phrases
and we turn them into
a list of strings.
So let's take a quick look
at that getInput method.
This is the one that will return
the input data in a given file
as a non-empty list of strings.
So it's a list of strings
that contain the elements.
So what we're
going to do here is
we're first going to go
ahead and get ourselves a--
there's a variable
name missing here.
Sorry, I should say you or
I, just like we have there.
It should also occur here.
So we're going to say get
ourselves the system resource--
get ourselves a file from
the system resources,
and then convert
that to the URI.
So what we're
basically doing here
is finding the path
name to a given file.
And then what we
do is we go ahead
and use the readAllBytes
method on the Files class
to open that file using
Paths.get for that URI.
And we go ahead and we read
all the contents of that file
into a new string.
And that string is
called Bytes, just
to be really clear what it is.
It's a string of bytes.
And then we go ahead and
we take our splitter, which
is passed in as the second
parameter to getInput above,
and we compile that into
a regular expression.
Remember, the splitter
is going to be
the @ sign that separates the
different works of Shakespeare.
And then we split that bytes
string into a stream of strings
using the @ sign
as the splitter.
So we end up with a
stream of strings.
Each string corresponds to a
different work of Shakespeare.
We then go ahead and
apply the filter operation
to get rid of everything
that is an empty string.
So if there was some reason
it was an empty string,
and there, we ignore it.
And then the last
thing we do here
is we call a collect with a
toList collector factor method,
trigger all the
intermediate operations,
read everything in, filter
everything out, and then create
a list of strings
that correspond
to the works of Shakespeare.
And that's what gets
returned from getInput.
Now just for kicks, if we
want to-- and I actually want
to, so my implementation
does this--
I actually convert each of
the strings to something
called a shared string.
And that will then be
returned as a care sequence.
And I do this because I
want to be able to leverage
that subSequence
method, which has
less overhead than substring
And you can go and take
a look at the
shared string class
to see the clever
way I do all this.
OK, so that was basically
how we get the input,
by breaking up the
works of Shakespeare
into different input strings,
or input care sequences
by using the @ sign as
a splitter via the split
a string regular
expression-- pattern matching
features of Java 8 and beyond.
The next method we're
going to look at
is the getPhraseList method.
This is a little bit
simpler because it's not
trying to do so many things.
But it also illustrates
some cool features.
So what it does is it goes ahead
and it uses the lines factory
method on the files class,
which, as you can see here,
will go ahead and open
up the file that we've
passed in as a file name.
And files.lines will
go ahead and convert
the contents of that file
into a stream of lines.
And of course,
each line contains
a phrase of Shakespeare.
Once again, just for kind
of sanity-checking sake,
we filter out
anything that's empty.
And so we end up with a
stream of non-empty phrases.
And then, of course, our good
friend Collect gets called.
It triggers the intermediate
operation processing
and makes ourselves
a list of strings.
So this just kind
of illustrates how
we can process
this code in order
to get the results that
we need to have here.